add additional attributes for OTel compatibility (#2284)
newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent: CHANGELOG.md

## dev

> Version <dev> adds instrumentation for Async::HTTP, Ethon, and HTTPX, adds the ability to ignore specific routes with Roda, gleans Docker container IDs from cgroups v2-based containers, records additional synthetics attributes, fixes an issue with Rails 7.1 that could cause duplicate log records to be sent to New Relic, fixes a deprecation warning for the Sidekiq error handler, and adds additional attributes for Open Telemetry compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version <dev> adds instrumentation for Async::HTTP, Ethon, and HTTPX, adds the ability to ignore specific routes with Roda, gleans Docker container IDs from cgroups v2-based containers, records additional synthetics attributes, fixes an issue with Rails 7.1 that could cause duplicate log records to be sent to New Relic, fixes a deprecation warning for the Sidekiq error handler, and adds additional attributes for OpenTelemetry compatibility.
```

  For compatibility with Ruby 3.4 and to silence compatibility warnings present in Ruby 3.3, declare a dependency on the `base64` gem. The New Relic Ruby agent uses the native Ruby `base64` gem for Base 64 encoding/decoding. The agent is joined by Ruby on Rails ([rails/rails@3e52adf](https://github.com/rails/rails/commit/3e52adf28e90af490f7e3bdc4bcc85618a4e0867)) and others in making this change in preparation for Ruby 3.3/3.4. [PR#2238](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/2238)

> - **Feature: Add Roda support for the newrelic_ignore\* family of methods**

Reviewer 2: thank you!

  For more information, see [Roda Instrumentation](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apm/agents/ruby-agent/instrumented-gems/roda-instrumentation/). [PR#2267](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/2267)

> - **Feature: Add additional span attributes for Open Telemetry compatibility**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Feature: Add additional span attributes for OpenTelemetry compatibility**
```

>   For improved compatibility with Open Telemetry's specifications, the agent's datastore (for databases) and external request (for HTTP clients) segments have been updated with additional attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For improved compatibility with OpenTelemetry's semantic conventions, the agent's datastore (for databases) and external request (for HTTP clients) segments have been updated with additional attributes.
```
